I"<p>In this class we were working on the flagship 4 book, where we were reviewing how the characters used English in their lives. then we review a little completing the sentences of the book.</p>

<!-- resspuesta:

<!-- El Sr. Tanaka usa el inglés para comunicarse con sus compañeros de trabajo que hablan otros idiomas, así como para sus reuniones, investigaciones laborales y en las redes sociales para mantenerse en contacto con sus amigos. -->

<!-- Mr. Tanaka uses English to communicate with his co-workers who speak other languages, as well as for his meetings, work research, and on social media to keep in touch with his friends. -->

<!-- this is mitsuhiko tanaka, a computer programmer at an international publishing company in japan. he is originally from sendai, but he works at his company's offices in tokyo now, where he lives with his wife, tomiko, and their young son, hiro. "English is verry important in our work. we use it to communicate with colleagues who speak many different languages at our offices all over the world," says mr. tanaka. "we also get visitors several times each year, so we use English for our meetings." at home, mr. tanaka gets new ideas about computing from websites in English on the internet. he also uses his english in social media to keep in touch with friends all over the  -->

<!-- este es mitsuhiko tanaka, un programador de computadoras en una editorial internacional en japón. es originario de sendai, pero ahora trabaja en las oficinas de su empresa en tokio, donde vive con su esposa, tomiko, y su pequeño hijo, hiro. "El inglés es muy importante en nuestro trabajo. Lo usamos para comunicarnos con colegas que hablan muchos idiomas diferentes en nuestras oficinas en todo el mundo", dice el Sr. Tanaka. "También recibimos visitas varias veces al año, por lo que usamos el inglés para nuestras reuniones". en casa, sr. Tanaka obtiene nuevas ideas sobre computación de sitios web en inglés en Internet. también usa su inglés en las redes sociales para mantenerse en contacto con amigos de todo el mundo. -->
:ET